Tidy up documentation. (#1745)
yewstack/yew: docs/concepts/agents.md

description: Yew's Actor System
---

Agents are similar to Angular's [Services](https://angular.io/guide/architecture-services)

> \(but without dependency injection\), and provide a Yew with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\(but without dependency injection\), and provides Yew with an
```
